## Solution

- Runtime: O(N^2)
- Space: O(1)
- N = Number of elements in array

Since the array can have duplicates and the solution only wants unique triplets, the difficulty here is to figure out a way avoid having duplicate results.

First, lets take a look at how we would find a triplet. 
If this was a combination problem, the brute force, would to traverse with three pointers all the possible sums in the array.
That would take O(N^3) run-time.

Instead of thinking about the solution as a triplet, lets consider just two sums.
If you just wanted to figure out if two numbers exists that add up to a target in a array, how would that be done?
Again, brute force would be O(N^2).
However, we can improve that to linear time.
If we first sorted the array O(Nlog(N)), we can have two pointers starting at the left and right of the array.
Incrementing the left if the sum is too low and decrementing the right if the sum is too high.

Now if we applied this 2 sum solution to the 3 sum problem, we can first sort the array, then select a target or a pivot, then use that pivot with the two sum solution to find zero.
This will improve the run-time, since the two sum is linear and we have to select N pivots, the run-time is O(N^2).
The sort has a lower big O, so it is ignored.

Now the tricky part is to avoid duplicate triplets.

Given input: [-1-1-1,0,0,0,1,1,1]

We notice that if pivot was -1, we would traverse everything after the first element.
But during the two solution, we don't care about using the same number again, so it is important to move the two pointers to the next unique number everytime.
Also, once a pivot is select, we would have exhausted all combinations using that pivot, so it is also important to select a unique pivot every time.


```
class Solution:
    def threeSum(self, nums: List[int]) -> List[List[int]]:
        nums.sort()
        results = list()
        for index, n in enumerate(nums[:-2]):
            if index == 0 or n != nums[index-1]:
                self.find_two_sums(nums, index+1, n, results)
        return results
        
    def find_two_sums(self, nums, start_index, pivot, results):
        left = start_index
        right = len(nums)-1
        while left < right:
            n = pivot + nums[left] + nums[right]
            if n == 0:
                results.append([pivot, nums[left], nums[right]])
                curr_right = nums[right]
                while nums[right] == curr_right and left < right:
                    right -= 1
                curr_left = nums[left]
                while nums[left] == curr_left and left < right:
                    left += 1
            elif n < 0:
                left += 1
            elif n > 0:
                right -= 1
```
